he was already recognized as a preparer
physical turned over the interim coach won
three consecutive matches giving another
the team was made known
It is best to donate the Baptist this year under
his command , the sport guaranteed the
quarterfinals of the Northeast Cup under
his command the sport debuted in the
Pernambuco championship with a rout
4 to 0 on top of the willow
physical from professional football to technical
of team
It's already four years of profession.
dedicated to the sport in this trajectory
inside the black red team is eduardo already
collects experiences that are
unforgettable
the experience of those who saw the island of
retirement shake with the energy of the crowd
black rubro the judge whistle
in the first reaction is to look at the crowd
and you saw a mixture of
Or is it real that it's a dream?
then seconds later blast then
it was a mix of images and that's what this is
there I come in the head until today I think
every fan watching
I think there are those who were in the stadium.
Neither do I speak so you sport fan
killing on television does not know what
knows 10% of what was that day, right?
You feeling in turkey on the rock was
in the field the ground swaying in the foot is
this magical experience of who
lived and was part of the most important
conquest of the sport in Brazil the crown
2008 eduardo was a physical trainer of the
club at the time winning the title of
2008 was special not only as
professional but also as son the father
of him, the Baptist who commanded the
team at that time
It is a person who is difficult for you to take one
feeling is a person who analyzes
cold very cold and the sport
changed to his characteristic, right?
when I saw there we were not was not
once I went sometimes
and it was only in the sport so sometimes it arrives
to stay up even scared right because he
it's no longer a boy, you do not even have the video
This scene is not on YouTube the goalkeeper
Are you feeling so sad or missing?
it is that it is the turn is society
people see demotion
Ricardo you live
Do not celebrate with the crowd know
the child we know is touched and
mainly being away but this
it is a fact that the process by
God's way that wanted to
unfortunately he decided to go back to
Charging for Brazil unfortunately he
is working in support of danu
Sir a sequence your way that
he is a professional of great quality
I miss him so much as
always with a
I just think he's setting up
this is the main
he is also winning and logically
with dad
I 'm very happy at the beginning of my career.
It was in Sao Paulo
I started in 98 in the meadows in Campinas
soccer club is the team of the
Edemar, I think today I'm not even
there is more and I rode around in the
paulo and passed by araçatuba
I passed by santo andré to paraná in
base of the Portuguese where I spent three years
huh
I was champion of the São Paulo Cup in 2000
I went there I went to I was promoted to
top team but soon there
I went back to santo andré
that's when my name and my father took me
pro goiás né
I was his assistant there and the goiás I
I went with the physical trainer since the
flamenco began the journey along
with him in Flemish was Japan proposed
staples after saints soccer club
after black bridge corinthians sport o
invitation to take on the role that one day
was successfully performed by the father
was received as another challenge in the
career a responsibility that he
responded well to Eduardo's style with a
of his greatest qualities
humility thrills today is in place
that your father occupied the representation
When do you listen to the invitation?
huh
I knew we'd do some
changes I knew I had to
to play some pieces to walk the
I saw what I saw and I called
For him I asked, how far did I go?
could and I was in doubt, right?
and he just answered me he replied with
a question who is the coach of the sport
today at ur am i then do what you have
to do so that was the start that you
gave and during the seasons in the sport
Eduardo only drew praise from the
mental part people without work in the area
I say it's very easy.
work with him as a physical trainer
because so when we can
decrease the maximum number of injury then
We 've already had a year here that was once the
Brazil had less injury for much
in the season this is very fruit of the
work of the medical department together
mainly for the preparation
physics
so how much more is it a
physical work with the guy whenever
felt expensive people who always had a
defeat does not fall on the line of the locker room
It's going to get us and it's a great day.
for the trainer and now with the
coach is working well and that
God bless you in this
campaign is being very good
I have the pleasure of working with him is
What are you going to do two years ago?
It's important is a great professional one.
face that always left us in our
tip of hooves say in football and a
very good face to live in day to day
a guy who deserves everything that is
happening to him